Hey everybody. Don't wait to see if they come back. The enemy is such an idiot.
That's all I can say. He is a loser. You are a loser. Is it back?
Is it okay? We struck a nerve. He doesn't like it. I'm telling you, it's funny when you get under his skin.
We start talking about worship, and that's his specialty, and you start talking about the status quo being flipped, and he gets ticked off and that was chaotic.
Are you feeling okay, V? All is well. Peace in Jesus'name. all is well.
I plead the blood of Jesus over this house. I rebuke you, Satan, in the name of Jesus.
The Lord Jesus rebuke you. You don't touch our live stream anymore.
We plead the blood, and I didn't say anything against YouTube guidelines.
We were just taking communion. Is that it? Are we back? Are there people coming back?
I said maybe. Okay, it's good enough. Well, we got underneath the devil on that one.
He didn't like it. He's such a loser. Okay. Well, I got my sweetheart with me now.
She's in here. I said, 'Hey, I need your help. We're praying in here.'So, she's in here praying.
So, we're going to take communion together. Well, start up where we were.
I don't know. I was taking the blood. So, we have the blood and we're going to take the blood.
How are we going to stream these together? Is it just two broadcasts?
Yeah. So, it'll be two different videos. It is what it is. Never had that happen before.
That was weird, wasn't it? So, Father, we thank you for the blood.
And we're not moved by what we see. We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says. And Father, I thank you that Satan is under our feet. We are more than conquerors and we're not moved by it.
When he tried to attack the live stream and all the things going on, Father, I thank you, Lord, that greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
And we take our authority in the name of Jesus and we apply the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I plead the blood of Jesus and I thank you, Father, that your blood stands supreme over us.
You are our friend. You're our advocate. You're our standby.
You're our ever-present help in a time of need. And we plead the blood right now, Father.
And we thank you, Lord. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. We apply the blood. We apply the blood.
I was looking over some of these scriptures. For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
So, we're led by the Spirit of God. For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
And I thank you, Father, for Romans 8. The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God.
And if children, then heirs and heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ. You read it better. That was it right there.
And if children, then heirs and heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ.
We're joint heirs with Christ. Christ in us, the hope of glory.
Christ in us. This is where it's at. In Him. In Him. Who is He? What is He?
And His mission in my life. I feel the anointing back and the devil's a liar.
He's such an idiot. Isn't that amazing? The shift, the push.
Just don't pay attention to it. I'm not used to you sitting on this side.
I'm always on that side. So, I'll move over to you like this. No, I'm good, love.
I'm good. I plead the blood of Jesus over you and over me. Thank you, Father, for your angels.
I don't remember what I was saying before all the drama, but we were talking about the heavenly worship and what I believe with all my heart is coming.
Oh, intimacy. Thank you. Intimacy with the Father. Having that time with Him, spending it with Him on a day-to-day basis, reading these books and becoming more like Him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Christ in me is the hope of glory.
Father, that we're going from glory to glory. Father, I thank you, Lord.
Prayer that gets results. Is it awkward? Am I sitting too close to you?
No, I'm fine. Just not used to it. I'm such a creature of habit.
I can move. No, it's fine. I'm just so strange. I think it's bothering you.
It does bother me a lot because I think right side and when I see the left, I'm thinking left.
I'm seeing you. No, it's fine. I need to break it. Diana, scoot over.
No, just sit there. I can crawl over you. No, I don't want you to do it because I'm weird.
Okay, just sit there like that. I'm sorry. I think right side like that.
I offered to come over. I know. You said no. Right here. Just right.
I'll do it again. We're live. This is just real. Hey, you know what?
We're human. But I'm telling you, I think a certain way and I get it.
And you see Brennan has his quirks. I go praying on this side is weird for me.
I pray. Sorry. It's just real. Okay. Well, here we go. Now I feel like I can get in the flow and it doesn't matter.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. Oh, you need a Kleenex.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus covers this atmosphere right now.
And I only hear and I only see what you want me to see uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my eyes and over Diana's that we hear you, Father, and we'll know exactly the direction you want us to go concerning this prayer time.
And we lift up this time before you, Father. And we thank you, Lord.
He's talking about seedtime and harvest, right? A knowing about seedtime and harvest.
A greater flow of seedtime and harvest, of financial overflow.
But seedtime and harvest doesn't have to do just with finances.
Seedtime and harvest isn't just about finances. For whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
So if you sow to the flesh, you'll reap of the flesh. If you sow to the spirit, you'll reap of the spirit.
And the Lord said, 'Those that have sowed continually to the flesh, a great harvest is coming, for it will rain on the just and the unjust.
For seedtime and harvest has accelerated as of the 23rd of September from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
We've entered into the point of no return and we're seeing it right now, an acceleration.
Watch what happens with Russia. Watch what happens in the days ahead.
A great acceleration. You see, I told you, you poke the bear.
You poke the bear. You poke the bear. People say, 'Well, this won't be going.'Take heed.
Take heed to the instructions of what He's called you to do. Come up higher.
Come up higher with the fire. Boldly. Come up higher. Boldly in the message. You'll lack no good thing.
You'll lack no good thing for the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory.
And you'll never be the same. Shalom. Thank you for the manifestations of the glory.
I see it, Lord. A glory explosion. Like you said, I'm changing what's been the status quo.
It's over. It's going to be a paradigm shift when it comes to a shifting of the glory. Sounds on the drums. Heavenly sounds on the drums.
You say, 'How do you have a heavenly sound on the drums?'He made all things richly to enjoy.
Heavenly sounds on the drums. I saw drummers drumming heavenly sounds.
Notes. It's the way they all go together like a symphony. It will sound beautiful, but it's hitting certain things.
Isn't that amazing? Because I see it in the spirit. Would that be considered percussion?
I'm not real good at all that stuff. Yeah, percussion is the beat, I think.
You're going to hear sounds that you've never heard before.
Well, that's new music, duh. But no, it's heavenly sounds. It's not just about hearing a sound.
It's about the level of the glory that the sound produces. It's about the levels of the glory, certain frequencies of sound.
That's what I'm hearing, like when you hear Kim Clement, you know what I'm talking about, he goes, "Make that sound."And it was prophetic when he hit the certain note and he would go up and you could feel the glory come in.
And when you hit these certain sounds when I'm praying, each sound will be different on each continent because of the culture.
Certain cultures will produce certain music. But the certain levels of it will be different for the glory of what is translated into that area.
The manifestation of that area, different levels of the glory from glory to glory.
It'll be different in South America. It'll be different in Africa.
It will be different in Asia. It will be different because of cultures.
But God produced culture. He created us all in his image. We all have culture, and culture is beautiful.
South American culture is different than North American. But it's all part of his heart.
It's all a divine plan. It's all divine music. It's all divine worship.
And it all comes up to him beautiful as a fragrance before him.
We are a symphony in the spirit realm as we pray together. We all bring our supply. What you bring, your supply, is so vital.
Without your supply, regardless of what you are—you may be the alto or whatever, it doesn't matter—you bring your supply.
Whenever it comes before the throne of the Father, it's a fragrance to him.
And if you didn't add your part of that fragrance, it wouldn't smell so good to him.
That's how precious you are to him. It's bringing the glory and a manifested glorious church.
We're expecting for the healings and the demonstration and a greater level of worship. And that's what we're praying into tonight.
For our Asian brothers and sisters will bring forth that part of the glory, and our African brothers and sisters.
Oh, Diana, it's beautiful to our Father. I see it. It's so beautiful to him.
And he said, "I'm bringing a new sound."A new sound. It's the same with your prayers before him as you bring your supply.
You say, "Well, I'm not very significant."Without you, we would have a gap, we would have a hole there, and you fill that hole as we have this prayer channel. Everyone brings their supply all throughout the day.
When this channel is uploaded throughout the world, we have our brothers and sisters in Australia, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and it all flows together.
We bring in our supply to pray into that to change things. Prayer is a symphony.
Worship is a symphony. What is man that you are mindful of him?
What is that scripture? Look that up, beloved. Look it up, my love.
Psalm 8:4. Read it to me. "What is man that thou art mindful of him?
And the son of man that thou visitest him?"Yeah. You've made us a little lower than him.
We are joint heirs. As he is, so are we in this world, created in his image.
And the next verse says, "For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honor."That is Psalm 8:5.
Thank you, Father. What is man that we're able to come and sit before him?
We are able to come into his throne boldly and sit before him and make music for him.
Read it one more time. Love, read it one more time. There's an anointing on it; both verses are the same.
"What is man that thou art mindful of him, and the son of man that thou visitest him?
For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honor."And then also it says in Hebrews 2:7, "You made him a little lower than the angels.
You crowned him with glory and honor and put everything under his feet."And that's quoting Jesus.
But it doesn't say "angels"in the Greek. If I remember Sister Billy talking about that.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you would even look our direction, for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward you.
We thank you, Lord, that your eyes don't go around looking anymore because you can fall on us. That it's our house.
He said, "I love to come and fellowship with them in that channel because it's all about Jesus."Don't you want to give him rest here with us?
He's like, "I just want to come and visit. I just want to just sit with you a while."Brandon, help me with this.
Listen. He wants to pray into the heavenly worship tonight.
So, we're going to pray. Oh, glory. Holy, holy, holy, holy Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, you're holy, holy, holy. Holy, holy, you're worthy.
Worthy, worthy, worthy. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah.
Oh, I see it, Diana. I see the glory open up on the heavens. I see the heavens open.
The light is so bright, baby. As I'm singing, as I hear the heavenly sound in the spirit, your own.
The Lord said there's great weather manipulation happening in the Gulf right now.
The Caribbean hurricane—weather warfare is happening. Weather manipulation is happening right now as we speak.
As I speak right now to increase a thing. A great catastrophic event would take place over Jamaica to increase a thing.
Thank you for the rain, Lord. Thank you for the rain, Lord, for the Most High. Many will come to the many. Take your authority.
We take our authority over that storm in the name of Jesus and we poke its eye out.
We call it to weaken. We call it to falter. Fall down and pull in on itself as they spray those chemicals, as they seed it.
As an experiment, they seed it to reach winds that we've never seen before, to reach destruction we've never seen before.
But we know how to take authority. And we will pray for the wall to collapse.
As they try to control, they will lose control. That's right.
As they try to control, they will lose control. And we speak to the rains in Australia.
We speak to the rain in Australia. Rain, come in Jesus'name.
We take authority over the drought over Australia. And we say the kangaroos have something to drink today.
We call in the rain from the north, the south, the east, the west, over Australia and over New Zealand and over the area.
We say rain, come now in Jesus'name. We speak to the drought.
We speak to the lack of rain and we say in the name of Jesus, rain, come now in Jesus'name.
Thank you for the rain we receive today and we thank you, Lord, that there's more to come.
We call the rain to come in Jesus'name over our area. We call the rain five, six, seven inches more.
We call it rain in Jesus'name to fill our lakes and shore. We call it in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, for healings and demonstrations. No colds, no viruses come.
Healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. It's there, baby. You just receive it.
Just draw it in. There it is. Glory to God. It's so wonderful.
You are so wonderful, Lord, to me. Thank you, Lord, for everything you have in store.
Now, Father, as we just lift up our nations before you, it's done.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood and for the heavenly sounds.
A change is coming; it will never be the same. We pray over President Trump, Don Jr., and Pam Bondi.
We put a bloodline around her. Father, I thank you that every plot, every plan, and every attack against her life is thwarted.
We pray over Alex Jones, Tucker Carlson, the Supreme Court judges, the First Lady, and all of them.
Father, I pray a hedge of the blood of Jesus over our nation. If God is for us, who can be against us?
We have angels of the Lord camped around them. Father, I thank you for Eric, Don Jr., Kai, and the girls. I cover Barron, Ivanka, and Tiffany in the name of Jesus.
The angels of the Lord are around that family, and we thank you that no weapon formed against them will prosper. Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn.
We thank you, Father, that the angels will bear them up in their hands, lest they dash their foot against a stone.
Now, when it comes to Putin and the acceleration of war, he is devising a plan and getting his alliances in order.
He has all his key chess pieces and is moving them around, seeing who is on his side and who is not.
He is checking if he has enough strategic reserves to do what he wants to do. Everything is like a chess match with him.
He's looking at what pieces he has with Kim Jong Un, the strength of the alliance with Cuba, and Venezuela.
While some say it is about drugs, it's bigger than that. I saw Venezuela coming to the aid of Russia with oil alliances.
It was about oil, not drugs. I remember mentioning the gold foundation as well.
Concerning Taiwan, you'll be so thankful for where you live.
You'll be so thankful, Diana, over at places in the central part of America. A great change is coming.
I'm talking about what I saw in the spirit concerning uprisings, Antifa, and rioting in these cities.
I told you there would be strategic plans to bring civil unrest, with people saying, 'We want our entitlements.'The government shut down and cut off benefits, which escalated into rioting and pillaging, like the BLM riots when George Floyd was suffocated.
The Lord said there will be another wave of this, but it won't be about a man; it will be about entitlements.
People will protest because they don't have their checks or food stamps.
It will even affect Social Security. I saw this becoming more frequent in the days ahead.
I have a video from April 7, 2024, about this. This is what's happening in the spirit realm; it's stirred up.
We need to pray to diffuse this because it is the enemy's plan to cause civil unrest, looting, and a Robin Hood mentality of stealing from the rich in major cities.
I saw a mass migration of people leaving New York, LA, and Chicago to find security in rural land.
Rural land became very expensive because people wanted to go where they could have a garden.
I saw thousands of people marching, furious at the government, rioting and destroying shopping areas because they wanted their entitlements.
We are starting to see this soon with the government shutdown.
People ask, 'Are you trying to stir up fear on me, Brandon?'No. I ain't worried about it.
It's like I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
What have you ever done without? God always takes care of us.
But it tells you what's coming in the earth so we know how to pray to diffuse things as we see a government shutdown that keeps going and going, and they're saying, "Well, it's going to be a recession like '08 if we keep going down this road."People are freaking out and they're trying to stir up fear.
And I thought, isn't that interesting? But as I'm praying tonight, this just got dropped on me—not just about modern warfare concerning weather, weaponizing weather manipulation concerning this hurricane—whatever, starts with an M down there.
And the Lord, I just saw it in the vision, but he's talking about heavenly worship.
So, it's a big scattershot of what's on the Lord's heart tonight to pray for these people in Jamaica and pray for these areas.
Melissa—praying for Melissa to dissolve. She has a ton of fuel down there because the water's record hot. But we know who has authority over it. We do.
We can call those things that be not as though they were and call Melissa to fall apart, and we won't have any catastrophe, especially with the brothers and sisters down there in Jamaica.
There's a lot of good—we have a lot of watchers from Jamaica.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for we poke Melissa's eye out as Melissa falls apart.
The hurricane Melissa, not a human Melissa that watches this channel. I'm sure there's a Melissa going, "Hey, hold it.
Don't you be praying over my eye like that."I'm like, "Yeah, no, we're not talking about you, Melissa.
We're talking about the hurricane, Melissa."So, if you're here, Melissa, we're not talking about you.
We're not poking your eye. We love you and we thank you for watching our channel.
But why do I have to name it something like that? There's a lot of Melissas around here.
Thank God it's not Brandon. Here you go—Hurricane Brandon's coming up there, poke his eye out.
No, you don't. We call it weak in Jesus'name. Weakness. But Father, we thank you for the rain on the other areas.
And we thank you, Father, for a change coming in our government and what's going on right now.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for an outpouring of your finances, a great Holy Ghost and fire over our nation that we will experience the glory of the Lord from sea to shining sea.
And we call Canada's government for Mark to get radically born again for a shifting and a changing in Canada in the name of Jesus, Father, for a great revival.
We don't just flippantly say it. Lord, I saw the oil press. I saw the olives. I saw what's about to take place. I saw it.
But Lord, I'm so focused and so excited about what you said about heavenly music today that nothing else really matters to me because I love to sing songs to you.
Give it to us in the midnight hour, Lord—these songs, songs of worship, songs of praise to our heavenly Father.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done, for financial outpouring over these houses.
Who's believing for a financial miracle tonight? Yes. Who's believing for your house to be paid off by the end of 2025?
Can you not believe big with me? I believe with you that your house will be paid in full by the end of 2025 for supernatural debt cancellation.
Why not believe God for big? God is as big as your faith will allow him to be. Yes, he could use crypto. He could use whatever.
And all of a sudden, you go to sleep that night and you may even put something into one of them and you wake up the next day and it could be like boom and you go, "It's there.
I've got the money and we can pay off our house."You know what I'm saying?
That's the kind of God we serve. He takes the fishes and the loaves.
He takes nothing and makes it into something huge—12 baskets full, overflow and fed 5,000.
That's the kind of God we serve. So if God can do it once, he can do it again. And if he did it back then, he can do it today.
And that's why I told D, I said, "Why not believe him for big that we would have enough, like he says, for your children's children's children—good measure."We're givers. We're tithers. We have tithers'rights.
I told him, "So, why not?"That one of the cryptos, he'd speak it, he'd say, "Brandon, this one."If he can do it with some of these on there and you go, it's a meme coin and make some of these people lots of money like that, he could do it for you.
I don't believe in the lottery. I don't. But I do believe in investments.
I know some people believe for lottery numbers all the time.
They ask me, "Brandon, give me the lottery numbers."That's disrespectful.
We don't do that. But I believe God will tell you in investments and he'll tell you things.
Why not us? We're tithers. We're givers. Believe in God for big. Now, I don't seek it like that.
I just seek him and say, "Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.'"But I just heard it in my spirit: why not believe for your house to be paid off by the end of 2025?
You've got nine weeks left. My goodness, nine weeks of 2025. That's all we've got left.
Four in December, four in November, and one week left of this month. Nine weeks—a semester.
Why not believe that we end 2025 in overflow that you go into 2026 debt-free, with your car paid off with surplus in your bank and you've got more in overflow than what you were in debt? $100,000 overflow of what you ever were in debt.
As you go in there and you say, "I've got enough surplus that I already have all the year of 2026 already taken care of and everything I have left for 2026 just to give it away and be a blessing to people."Why not believe God for that wave?
I thought, Lord, if you can do it once, you can do it again. If you did it for the children of Israel and they left with all the silver and all the gold and they left with all the wages that were back-owed to them for 400 years of slavery, how much more, Lord, can you do it for some of us? For the sower and the reaper are going to go hand in hand.
How much more to stretch ourselves and to believe for angelic demonstrations and manifestations, not just of the natural of our healing but for financial outpouring for us to have overflow that we don't have to struggle and go out there working by the sweat of your brow, that everything we put our hands to would prosper.
Why not believe God? God, you're a God of overflow. It's nothing for him to give us a creative idea, one crypto, and say boom, and it happened. It could happen.
Why not believe God in the next nine weeks you'll be debt-free going into 2026 with nothing missing, nothing broken—to owe man nothing but to love him and have surplus?
I want you to stretch and believe God for big. Make your list of things you're believing God for, your heart's desires, and present it to him.
Say, "Father, these are my heart's desires. I want to owe man nothing but to love him—student loans paid off, whatever, doctor bills paid off."You may owe the doctors a lot of money.
You may be so much in debt for medical bills. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're meeting these people's needs according to medical bills.
We call for debt-free medical bills and for favor—favor with the hospitals, favor with the medical debt collection agencies, favor that they'll just write that off and just give that to you.
Why not believe God for big? I believe that all my medical bills are going to be paid off.
I don't have any, but I'm saying—you know what I'm saying? Somebody might be out there saying that that's a burden to you.
But the anointing is the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power.
And a yoke of bondage is debt. Student loans. Debt. Debt is a burden, and the anointing breaks every yoke of bondage.
Good measure pressed down, shaken together and running over. The burden-removing, debt-destroying power.
Well, "Bernie, you sound like a prosperity preacher."I believe in an overflow.
I'm just about an overflow. I hate poverty; you can't do nothing.
You go, "Well, what are you going to do? Oh, you got to work harder and have five jobs."No.
If the world can have it, how come we can't? We're His children.
If Warren Buffett can have it, if Bill Gates, who's making all the pharmakeia stuff trying to give people stuff in their arms—how much more can we as children of God?
Why not? I just stretch out and believe God that by the end of 2025, the next nine weeks, you're going to be completely debt-free.
I just feel like I say that inside my spirit to stir up to believe God for big.
Close this year out. Yes. Believe in bigger. Now, that might tick some of you off, but whatever.
That's what I'm believing. Why not believe bigger? To be completely healed from the top of your head to the sole of your feet.
Now, nothing missing, nothing broken. No more diabetics, no more cancer, no more heart disease. Believing God.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're the God of restoration of my flesh, that I'm healed and whole and well of heart problems or brain problems or whatever you may be overcoming in your household.
You may be wheelchair-bound, you may be bedridden—come out of that.
There's an expiration date for what you're believing God for.
I've seen God do it time and time again, and I believe He'll do it again.
Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. You okay? Yeah. Your nose is running.
I don't know, it keeps trying to sneeze. I'm sorry. The devil's such an idiot.
It seems like when I came on, my eyes started watering. I know, love.
It's the glory; you're crying. I see it's Jesus moving on you. Sorry, y'all. I love you. It's the glory.
She isn't crying; those aren't tears from allergies or anything.
That's tears from Jesus. I love you. Praise God. Hallelujah.
Well, I don't know if that made you happy, but it made me happy.
I still stir it up just to inspire myself to be a contender. I could have been a contender.
I'm a contender. I'm believing God. Stretch your faith. Get some spiritual stretch marks.
Like a pregnant woman gets stretch marks, get pregnant with what God has for you.
Stretch your faith. Why not get pregnant with something big from God?
Not like a baby, baby; I'm talking about vision. Get pregnant with a vision.
Stretch yourself. Have some stretch marks. It shows growth.
That's a sign of growth. Stretch marks are a sign of growth. It shows growth.
Stretch yourself, you know, believe God for big. I just am trying to stretch.
I want big spiritual stretch marks, because I'm believing God for big.
I'm pregnant with something spiritual, supernatural, big.
Yes. I'm not a female, but I'm believing God. You know what I'm saying?
You got to get pregnant with something. Believe God. Stop thinking small.
Come out of that "woe is me"poverty mentality of thinking, "Well, we're going to always be that way, Bob."I'm not going to believe that way, Diana.
We're going to get out of this. Give God something to work with. I'm pregnant with a vision and ministry.
I'm pregnant with the Holy Ghost and what He's got for me and my family, and I've got stretch marks because I'm believing and I'm huge in it.
You can say, "How many months are you?"I'm past nine months.
It's time to deliver this spiritual baby. We're believing God for big for ministry on another level.
I am anointed to do ministry in a way the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God.
Like Pastor Chip says, I believe I'm anointed to do YouTube in a way that the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God.
We're pregnant with a vision that we're going to have this spiritual baby before the end of 2025.
It's time to thrive in the rest of 2025, not just barely get by.
It's time to thrive in the name of Jesus and believe God for overflow. Why not me? Why not you? Give God something to work with.
I'm pregnant with a vision and Oral Roberts says at his campus, we see it all the time: "Make no little plans here."Don't think small.
You think too small. That's what he said even this last time. "You're thinking too small, Brandon. Too small.
You got to stretch."We were driving around even yesterday.
Didn't he say that you're thinking too small? Be a contender.
Stretch. Believe God for bigger. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord.
We're so grateful. Did it inspire you tonight? Did it fan that flame? Did it give you some hope, some wind in your sails?
I always want to come on and give you some hope from the Holy Spirit, to give you wind in your sails that your circumstance can change, that you're not stuck.
A rut is just something you keep walking around in, right? You got in a rut.
You keep walking the same path. I don't want to be in a rut. I'm not stuck.
I'm going to get out. Don't get in this spiritual rut. A spiritual rut is no good.
I want out and I want to get out of that mentality. Say, "God, I want more of you.
Show me. I want to have more of a revelation of who You are in me.
Christ in me, the hope of glory."Thank you, Lord, for our health and all that You provided for us.
Father, we're so grateful and thankful for everything You've done for us.
We don't take any of it for granted. No matter the small or the big, God provides it all.
It may be like I was with one person one time and the lady gave the person a free cup of coffee.
I said, "Glory to God, a free cup of coffee today."And they said, "Oh, I don't sweat the small stuff."But you've got to give God praise even for the small cup of coffee.
Just the generosity of somebody. The free cup of coffee, the free biscuit, a free donut.
Somebody saying, "Hey, I'd like to give you this stick of gum."But it's something you didn't have to work for.
It's sweatless victory. Being thankful for everything, in all that you do, in word and deed, do all for the glory of God.
I give God praise for the small and the large, but even for the microscopic.
Thank you, Father. He's looking for a heart of praise and thanksgiving.
As we get ready to go into the Thanksgiving season in America, are you thankful for what you do have?
Or are you a spoiled Braden? "Oh, that's not enough, Dad."No, no.
Thank you. Being faithful to give Him praise in the little things, right?
Because when the big things come along, you don't take for granted even the smallest thing.
Well, or any kind of change that you've seen in your life. You may have just a little bit of change, but give God praise for that one little thing.
Well, I was not able to move. I can't move my leg, but I can move my toe.
Oh, God, you're so good for my little toe. God, you're so faithful for my little toe.
Thank you, Lord, for my toe was able to be moved. And I'm telling you, you give God praise for that little toe.
And look at what he does. That's whenever Noah sent out the bird like Billy always teaches.
He said he sent out the bird and it brought back an olive leaf. Just a small little bird, little bitty dove.
Go out there and get that little bitty thing that fit in that little—but it was a sign of hope to know that the flood was receding.
It was at that point that Noah knew that the flood was over. It was just such a small little sign, but it was in that sign that everything started to change.
And he could give God praise for the olive leaf. Just a little bitty olive leaf in that dove's beak, but it was a sign that the flood was over.
You may have just an olive leaf in your life today, but that's a sign that your flood is over. You need to start giving God praise for the olive leaf.
You may just have that olive leaf in your life and you don't see anything else, but the flood waters are all around you; but God gave you your first sign that the flood is over.
It's time to give God praise for the olive leaf. I give him praise for my Megan all the time.
We see even more today. It's fun the way she is. Her personality is coming more alive all the time.
And we talked about it. I said, 'You can see my Megan. We have more than an olive leaf.
I feel like I have an olive branch some days'from where we used to be.
We're not where we want to be. But you don't get what you don't get, you know.
I remember when. Thank you for the olive leaf. Thank you for the branch.
Thank you, Father, for the double olive leaf. Thank you, Father, for where we are. We're not where we used to be.
That's why I'm trying to tell you, go into these next couple of days with thanksgiving.
Father, I may not have all my house paid off, but I don't know how much you may owe.
You say you have a $100,000 house, and you may have $50,000 of it paid for.
Thank you, Lord, that I may have half of it paid for. Watch what God does with a grateful heart.
Even consider with a half. And don't forget the little leaves because all of those leaves add up to a full branch.
Thank you, Lord, that I have half of my student loan. Thank you, Lord, that my doctor bills are paid off.
Thank you, Lord, I may only have $10,000 paid, but boy, it's the first 10,000.
I got my olive leaf. I may not be able to move all my foot, Lord, but I can move my toe. I can wiggle my nose.
I may not be able to move all my—they may be paralyzed all the way, but I can wiggle my nose a little bit, something.
I might be able to blink my eye, but I'm doing it by faith. I may have an olive leaf, Lord, but I got to move this.
And I'm so grateful. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father, for all that you've done.
Glory to your name, Lord. We're so grateful, Father. Thank you for the tank of gas to get to church today.
Thank you for the Taco Bell. It may not be the best taco I had today, but God, I had something in my stomach.
Thank you for that taco, Lord. Thank you for that stale bread.
It may have had mold on it, but I had something in my stomach today and I could pick off the mold, Lord.
And I'm so grateful that you provided even a stale piece of bread with mold on it.
Lord, you're so good to me. Watch what God's got to do with that.
I've been there. And it isn't always easy for your flesh. Your flesh will be screaming, 'What are you doing, crazy?
Are you kidding me? You're praising for a piece of molded bread?'But God's so good to Brandon. God's been good to Diana. God's been good to me.
Remember that time when we were in the parking lot and we didn't have the money to buy our kids shoes and you found a $20 bill blowing in the wind and you started crying.
You ran back to me and we were believing God. We didn't have nothing.
And you found $20. And you said, 'Brandon, I found $20 today. I found $20.
I can buy our baby some shoes.'And so you went into Walmart and you got the shoes and we were able to put the shoes on, but we didn't have it.
But it was the moment that we gave God praise for the 20 that God made a way. I don't know who lost the 20.
I'm sorry that they lost it, but it was a blessing to me that it was blowing in the wind.
Yeah, it came from—maybe it was an angel. I don't know. I'm just saying it was God.
And I'll never forget that $20 bill. We still talk about it today.
It was God that provided the $20. And we had a Holy Ghost dance, didn't we, over that?
We rejoiced over the $20 to give him praise for the baby's shoes.
'Well, that seems so small, Brandon.'It was huge to us. When you don't have $20, $20 is a lot.
It doesn't matter what it was. I mean, it could have been 10,000 at that time. 20 bucks was 20 bucks in our household.
We were excited about $20 when you don't have nothing and you're digging out pennies out of the couch cushions trying to find whatever you can find or going through ditches and looking for Coke cans.
I'm serious. Isn't God faithful? So, I'm just trying to inspire you to be thankful going into believing God for your needs.
That's the seed of praise, seed of thanksgiving, seed of being grateful going into believing for your manifestation all the way through the rest of 2025.
I never go at him like that, saying, 'I earned this. I tithe. I give.'He doesn't owe me nothing.
My mentality is the tithe was his in the first place. I didn't do anything.
I gave him what was already his, his 10 percent. And I just wanted to be a blessing to him.
But I look at it and say, 'Lord, I did what I could to help your gospel get out.'But my attitude is any overflow is his mercy.
Thank you, Father, for what you provided. Lord, you've been so good to us.
You have an attitude of gratitude. So many spoiled brats. You have an attitude of gratitude for everything he takes care of.
So, I just want to inspire you to have that mentality. I had to check about believing God for your breakthrough in the next nine weeks.
Yes, an attitude of gratitude even with what he has. You have your olive leaf. God, thank you for the rest of it.
So, I had to close like that because I was coming across—I get so tired of all that, 'Well, we're just believing.
We're taking the Jericho march. We're taking the walls down.'But you weren't grateful for what he did do.
You got to be thankful for what he does. No matter if you're having a Jericho march or not, the walls are coming down.
And I believe with all my heart, for all the things I have said before, the Lord said, 'Go at it differently, Brandon.
Go at it with gratitude.'Go at this with gratitude. Come at this differently than what you just did.
Do it this way and see what happens. Make a list. Not just of the things you're believing for, but all the things that you've been so grateful for.
Make a list. I hear that, by the way. Make a list of everything you're thankful for and thank him for what you have.
Go look through all the things that he has done. It's like what Billy Burke said, collecting them.
The devil isn't scared of you getting one miracle. He gets scared when you start collecting miracles.
He gets freaked out when you start collecting them. He's my spiritual father.
When he said that, he doesn't mind if you get one, but when you start collecting them, he takes notice.
When you start collecting breakthroughs and you're able to start telling about when God came through with this, when God did this, when you got a hold—oh, but God has been so faithful to me.
Then he gets nervous because you're kicking that sucker right in his head.
Whenever I have a day with Megan or something, when he tries to torment me, I'll say, "Oh, but a year ago at this time, how far the Lord has brought her.
She may not be having a great day today, but look what the Lord has done in that girl.
Look what the Lord—now list off everything that she's made progress in."And then he disappears.
He doesn't like it when you smear it in his face because he knows he can't steal from you because he knows there's truth to it.
Don't forget it: he's a father of lies and everything he says is a lie.
But when you start showing the truth and what God did in His Word, he doesn't like to hear it.
The Lord even told me—I was up praying and interceding for things last night—and the Lord said, "You need more Word-base behind your faith with the Spirit, but Word and Spirit must go hand in hand."I've warned you of this.
It's not just about praying in tongues; it's about the Word and your spirit going hand in hand.
Many of you only have Spirit and you pray in the Holy Ghost all day long, but you don't have the Word to back the Holy Ghost and the prayer you've got.
If ye—this is a scripture I give you—if ye abide in me and my words remain in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done.
Your spirit and the Word go hand in hand. You must balance it out.
That's why He was correcting me; you've got to balance it out more.
You're praying in the spirit a lot, and we're so grateful. It's good, but you've got to have more Word in this. That's why I find these scriptures in Him.
It's like climbing a mountain; all the progress and little miracles along the way, you write them down in a notebook and you put a date on it.
So, you remember this is your collection of things the Lord has done for you, because people sometimes get so focused on getting to the top of that mountain that they forget to look back and see how far the Lord has brought them.
Then they take it for granted and forget it because it's just human nature.
Never forget where you came from or how far He's brought you.
Look how far He's brought us. That's why the children of Israel stacked rocks. I remember Pastor Mark preached that one time.
He said they stacked rocks for the next generation to show that this is where God came through, where He parted the sea.
They stacked the rocks and had a memorial, a monument there, saying, "This is where God came through for us."Have a stacking rock experience in your house. I don't mean literally, but have a memory, a token.
That's why I thought it was cool when they gave me that play button for the 100,000; it was a stacking rock experience to believe God, because we believed God for it and we stacked rocks.
Hopefully, that blessed you all tonight. That was a little extra; I wasn't planning on saying all that, but it came up out of my spirit for somebody.
There are two different videos because of the drama from the devil, but we still got the victory over this, didn't we?
Say, "Nanny-nanny-boo-boo."God wins. You're going to lose.
Satan is a liar. Somebody always tells me that, and I learned that from her.
She always writes, "God wins. God wins."I love that. So, whoever you are, you know who I'm talking about.
God wins. God wins. I got a T-shirt in the mail. Somebody was talking about tubing.
I thought that was cute. I'd rather—what did you say, love? I think her name was Elizabeth.
"I'd rather stumble in faith than sit in doubt."I love that. That's Billy Burke. We quote him too; he has good stuff.
That's what happens when you've been in ministry for as long as he has.
He's got some nuggets from the Holy Ghost, and he helps. So, don't forget your olive leaf.
Could you all do us a favor? If you're new here and you're still sticking around, could you like and subscribe?
We're believing for a million-man and woman prayer army. We're getting closer and closer to 600,000.
When we pass 600,000, we will have a celebration. Then we'll be even closer.
I don't want to quote it because it's still a long way off in my mind, but we're getting closer and we're going to get there, all to the glory of Jesus.
Every single one of you counts. If you're new here and you like what we're doing, praying with us for things as the Lord shows us what's coming, we really appreciate you.
Subscribe, click the notification bell and the thumbs up, and comment something nice below.
Thank you for all those Super Thanks that you do; so many people are so kind.
I saw all the givers right there. God bless you in different ways.
Thank you for helping. People are just so kind, trying to love on you.
Every single thing adds up. Isn't it such a blessing? We don't ever want to take it for granted.
Somebody worked hard for that. Somebody might be working minimum wage, and that is all they had.
God bless it. We pray a hundredfold return. Whether you're cleaning bathrooms or pulling weeds, somebody worked hard for that.
I just want to say thank you; I get it. To everyone who does hard work like that and sacrifices to give, I don't ever want to just blow it off.
I may not have time to go through the comment section anymore, but if you give, I want to say God bless you.
We pray a hundredfold return over your hands, and all that you put your hands to will prosper. Diana and I truly don't take it for granted.
I want to tell you we love you and thank you for praying with us and being a part of our YouTube channel all around the world.
I am excited about what God has done for us and what He's doing through this prayer.
What He showed us today was awesome, concerning the worship songs and the things coming. He said as of today, things are going to start to be done.
He said, "Catch it, pull it down, believe for it"—for the songs from the heavens and for supernatural worship. That's what we're believing God for.
He said He would anoint my voice, and I said, "Let's do it."I've never really looked at myself as a singer; I just make a joyful noise to the Lord.
And I thought, 'Hey, if you can work with it, Lord, work with this.''You can sing really good.'Well, you always tell me that, but you know, you wonder. It's like your mom telling you something.
It's like when you go to American Idol and you see those people up there singing, they go, 'My dad said I can sing.'And they go up there and the judges are like, 'Get off the stage.'Because the guy, Simon Cowell, says, 'You need to get out of here.
You sound dreadful.'And I said, 'I don't want to be that guy.'So I just say, 'Make a joyful noise unto the Lord. Shout unto God with a voice of triumph.'Whatever it may be.
But I thought when the Lord said today, he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to give you something.'And that was where it all stemmed out of as I was looking at the girl with the pink hair.
She was making my turkey sandwich. She was looking over that thing.
She had pink pigtails. And I thought, 'That is the coolest looking hair, man.
If I had it, that's where I'd do mine.'If I came on here with a pink wig, what would they say?
I'm teasing, but we love you. We'll end it there before I get myself in trouble.
It's almost one. We love you. Thank you for joining us so late tonight.
We'll be on again. I'll come back probably tomorrow and pray.
It's football night, so usually people don't come on as much, but I'm sure some of you would want to go tubing and we'll go praying or whatever and see what the Lord has for us.
It's exciting. I love doing this. It's my life. So remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless.